[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So quiz time.
Without cheating and
looking back at that slide I want you
to tell me those four rules in order.
What are they?
New, explicit binding with
a caller apply or a bind,
implicit binding with and owning or
containing object, default rule.
Was there a question from the chatroom?
>> Speaker 2: No, I was-
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Being a smartass.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right.
Those are our four rules in order.
How do you borrow a function through
implicit assignment of the this?
How did the implicit binding work?
>> Speaker 3: When you call the function,
it was in the context of an object, so
it head and puts it on.
>> Kyle Simpson: Right, we mutated an
object to put a reference to that function
on the object, so that we could
then say object dot method name.
Exactly.
So sometimes it's okay to put
a method reference on an object,
and kind of implicitly borrow it,
other times that's kind of awkward,
but that is a way to implicitly bind.
How do you explicitly
bind the this keyword?
>> Speaker 3: Call in a collide?
>> Kyle Simpson: Call in a collide bind
implies that it does a [INAUDIBLE].
How can we seal a specific
this to a function?
>> Speaker 3: By using the bind function?
>> Kyle Simpson: The .bind utility.
Now, why was that beneficial,
what was the usefulness of
doing that hard binding?
>> Speaker 4: We want to constrain
this to an explicit version.
>> Kyle Simpson: If you
want it to be predictable.
You want your methods to always
go against a particular object,
you're annoyed that it's
always getting lost,
creating a hard-bound reference to
that solves that problem for me.
So that's a good thing,
what's the downside of this?
>> Speaker 4: You loose flexibility.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
the trade-off, you lose.
I want you to ask this as a thought
question, if you go to all the trouble to
put hundreds of annoying this dot
references all over your code base, and
then you find yourself doing
everything with hard binding.
Why did you do a this binding,
why didn't you just use lexical?
Because you're going down this
harder path and then cutting off all
the flexibility which is the whole benefit
and the reasoning you use that mechanism.
There two separate mechanisms, they have
two separate capabilities and trade offs,
and things like that.
Hard binding is one of those sort
of cheating things where you're
fixing one problem, but you're trading
off that you're losing that flexibility.
So I'm not saying that hard binding's
wrong, I use it from time to time.
But if you find yourself doing most
of your code with hard binding,
you might want to ask yourself, maybe I
shouldn't use the this keyword at all,
cuz maybe I'm doing it the harder way.
Lastly, how do you create
a new this object?
>> Speaker 4: [INAUDIBLE] Can new key.
>> Kyle Simpson: Not a trick question,
by using the new keyword.
Exactly, by using the new keyword.
All right, so that's our this mechanism.
And again to reinforce you can see
that the this mechanism is dynamic.
It's a binding mechanism that looks for
things at runtime, it's entirely
based upon how you called something.
You can have the exact same function
called in four different ways and
get four entirely different bindings,
does that make sense?
So that's the contrast between
that lookup mechanism, and
the lexical scope mechanism which
was hard coded at author time.
It's not dependent upon
how something's called or
where, it's only dependent
upon where it's declared.
Where you put those nested scope bundles.